what is up guys Rick a casera this is
custom class episode 8 featuring the
lone survivor class what custom class is
is you guys leave comments detailing
classes with you know thematic
background so don't just say use the
f2000 because i hear it's good come up
with a themed class and then the top
voted one
I will pick to use in the next episode
custom glass so again this episode is
the lone survivor class derived from the
idea for this comes from BC b7 813 who
said lone survivor class MK mod 11 0
with suppressor and ACOG m9 m67 grenades
and anything else you can use so firstly
this is clearly based on the lone
survivor movie which I did see so I saw
the lone survivor movie starring Mark
Wahlberg and he did an excellent job
I thought lone survivor was an excellent
movie if you haven't seen any before I
will admit it's pretty depressing but
also really really good and depressing I
mean it's just like you know it's not
like some of those movies where you come
in and it's just shoot him up and
everyone's ok at the end type thing like
it is it is a pretty serious movie but
again it is very very very good I really
enjoyed it and I would definitely
recommend it now in the game it was kind
of weird I'm pretty sure Mark Wahlberg
in lone survivor did use an MK mod 11 or
I guess the military version would be I
think it's the mm1 10 or something like
that and which would mean he would be
based basically it is the M came out at
11 the thing is it was really weird in
the movie I thought he was using that
gun and that gun as far to my knowledge
uses the 308 or I guess would be 7.62
millimeter rounds but then there's a
part in the movie where he gets handed a
magazine from a guy using an m16 he's
like oh yeah thanks for the magazine
like puts into his gun and that's 5.56
so I was a little bit confused there to
where if he was actually
using the m110 11 or was something else
and so I was a little bit weird out by
then but that's just gun nut stuff most
of you are just gonna be like yeah he's
using a coolest sniper rifle uh-huh and
that's pretty much what it is so the MK
mod 11 in the actual game of battlefield
4 I do not like dmrs I'm gonna say that
right out there
tremendously underpowered in my opinion
and although I can do quite well with
the DMR's at no point am i thinking wow
I'm so glad I have this DMR because in
every scenario where I get kills the DMR
I could be getting those same kills
easier with something like the ak5c
there's no point using the DMR that I
could you know not be using other guns
that are better suited for pretty much
everything else so I really feel that it
needs to be a couple of buffs to the DMR
is like for one recall is a little bit
ridiculous like you considering you are
limited to single fire the recoil is
just too much I feel it should be calmed
down a little bit especially then you
get suppressed and oh my god like
someone looks at you and you get
suppressed enough to then miss like so
many shots with the DMR's which is kind
of ridiculous but again the MK mod 11 is
actually of the DMR's I don't like them
again but the MK mod 11 is one of my
favorite of the DMR is like if I had to
use the DMR a lot of the times I do use
the MK mod 11 and with a saucer the
sound sir
yeah wasn't you know it didn't hurt at
all like having a sound sir was
definitely an advantage you could kind
of get into a situation where you're you
put some distance between you and an
enemy then you're able to just pick him
off and he wouldn't even know where you
were so that was a huge advantage being
able to use a suppressor and of course
is authentic to the movie in the movie
Mark Wahlberg does use suppressor on his
gun and kind of annoying how you
couldn't get like a sixth time sight or
anything or any of the long-range sights
for the DMR's I really feel that you
should be able to because that's what I
had in the movie and that's what you
should be able to have because the DMR's
are long range guns but again
battlefield decided that they're gonna
make them weaker shit shit so I guess
you don't get any long
attachments for them anyways this class
you know the m9 is a solid solid pistol
very very good not my favorite pistol
that actually the best pistol video is
gonna be coming out tomorrow but the m9
is a solid solid pistol just performs
well all around and the grenades I again
everyone is running impact and minis for
a reason now there seems to be talk of
Nerf's coming up for both of those
but the frag grenade there's nothing
wrong with it but frankly it's inferior
to the impact of minis because you're
just able to spam so many other grenades
and I stick to my impacts all the time
I'm getting there's nothing wrong with
the frag but there's also nothing
superior about it and other than that I
would kind of switch classes I ended up
running support a lot not for anything
to do with the movie just other than I
seem to be the only person who runs
support and also gives ammo to people so
that really helped out my team of course
and I like playing support so I can give
myself ammo you're able to have a much
more liberal use of your ammo and your
shots which I like doing and other than
that yeah so this class didn't really
enjoy too much not gonna lie if I was
made to use DMR's though I would use a
setup like this
I like p.m. came out 11 I liked this
answer but I don't like DMR's as a whole
so I would usually use some other kind
of gun hope you guys enjoyed the video
my owner rate comment and subscribe
please leave your comments for what
class I should use in the next episode
of custom class and as always have a
good day